Xiao Yifeng still has half a stick of incense
If you can't do it, just get off the mountain
Brother, look at him like this
Maybe it will work
How could he be a piece of trash?
Junior sister, you speak for him like this
You should help your senior brother me
Does Senior Sister really like him?
As ugly as I am
How can you deserve him?
What is this?
Well, Zhenyuan's wife was misled by him
It's just the wrong foundation
If you are skilled
Not yet ready
This Zhenyuan Qi is not the sign of our Tianyuanmen
What kind of heresy are you practicing?
How could he practice heresy?
Jiang Baili
It's just because Xiao Yingfeng treats you better
He was rude to the elders
Are you a little junior sister?
I don't know if Xiao Yingfeng saw your face
Can you still eat?
Hahaha girl misunderstood
I, Xiao Yingfeng, am not the kind of person who looks at his face
I never imagined that you would learn Turning
You can listen to people gossip
Okay, one mind, two minds.
It's not that I do two things.
But the cultivation method given by the elder is too simple
Pardon me?
Out-of-bounds vomiting can only strengthen the body
If you go further, you can become a god
Protective Qi
You are such a genius
Junior brother, I really didn't see the wrong person.
What? How is this possible?
Is this person really a cultivator?
I want to take good care of it
Can't be compared to an ugly girl
Relying on this divine martial power, it was easy to unify the Fa Dan
Athletics is full of truth
Right? The power of the gods can be stronger
What's that on your chest?
The son is a great genius
Hahaha, the whole body has exceeded 10,000 layers
Master, look
I told you he signed it well